# DropShippingCatalogStorefront
 
Our objective is to build a dropshipping catalog database that maintains an array of products that consumers can order through a website. The products are stored in the catalog with many key identifiers that make it easy to find. The search engine will use exact word matching to search for a certain product and along with the product returned, products with the same tags will be recommended under. E.g. “spatula” would be searched and any product name with the word spatula will be returned along with other products under that include the “houseware” tag.

Users first have to log into the website by registering if they do not have an account already. Managers would be automatically registered with a manager account with permissions to edit and change every aspect of the store. Login requires an email address, password and shipping address to where the bought products can be shipped to. The shipping address will be used to determine what region you reside and what products will be available.

The system offers certain products to certain users depending on the location they reside. They can however purchase products offered in other regions given that the owner/manager has given that permission to that specific user. A request would have to be submitted and reviewed in order for the approval of this option. Once the permission has been granted, users can purchase products from other regions but at a greater cost due to shipping fees.

The manager of the store is able to restrict users and enable users based on specific user requirements. The manager can add, remove, and restrict products and edit every aspect of the catalog. They can also manage shipping details and view every order that is placed on their website. Managers also have to process returns in which they would read the review from the customer asking for a refund/return. 

A user must be able to look for a specific product using different attributes. Certain products would also be recommended if they fall under the same category.  The user is able to add a product to the cart, buy a product, and return previously purchased products on certain terms and conditions. 

Since this store involves money, a fake scenario will be used instead. Users start with 5000 points to spend at our store. This is not realistic as a real store would require a credit card purchase screen with real information and real money to spend. Users will then spend the point on various items and in case they run out of points, a request form can be sent to the owner requesting more points. Users can also return items in exchange for points which they can spend again.